1、2、3、1から12までの数を申し上げます。
1、2、3、4、5、6、7、8、9、10、11、12。
タイム、時刻、1時から12時までの時刻の名。
1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock, 5 o'clock, 6 o'clock, 7 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, 12 o'clock。
時刻の尋ね方。
What time is it now? ただいま何時ですか?
今一度。What time is it now? さらに今一度。What time is it now?
その答え方、1時ですから12時ですまで。
It's 1 o'clock, it's 2 o'clock, it's 3 o'clock, it's 4 o'clock, it's 5 o'clock, it's 6 o'clock, it's 7 o'clock, it's 8 o'clock, it's 9 o'clock, it's 10 o'clock, it's 11 o'clock, it's 12 o'clock。
30分過ぎ、すなわち半の示し方。
1時半ですから4時半ですまで。
15分過ぎの示し方。
5時15分過ぎですから8時15分過ぎですまで。
It's a quarter past 5. It's a quarter past 6. It's a quarter past 7. It's a quarter past 8.
15分前の示し方。
9時15分前ですから12時15分前ですまで。
It's a quarter to 9. It's a quarter to 10. It's a quarter to 11. It's a quarter to 12.
ただし、half pastやa quarter past、あるいはa quarter toの場合のように、半端な時刻を示す折には、o'clockを添えるに及びません。
ことわざ、proverbs。
Time flies like an arrow.
こういん、矢のごとし。
Time and tide tarry for no man.
時はいかなる人のためにも、その歩みをとどむることなし。